everybody Tyson with a Tito for life
back again I wanted to show you another
video I increased the level of the water
this time to show you guys the
difference that it makes and you can
actually see bubbles occurring when I do
this you can see them a little bit
better if the camera can kind of let
some of the light out a little bit so
it's not so bad but let's check this out
you can see that sweet blue don't try to
get a side shot I can't really see the
camera very well I can turn the ball
well not one cord starting to float up
but I bet it might be arcing on the it
might be arcing on some of the other
cords let's see what happens when they
when they're closer together when the
probes are closer together well it looks
like it bubbles more I don't know if
that's just because it's agitating the
water more or what when they're closer
but now it's really close so let's see
what happens now all right well let's
see the damage let's see what it did to
our electrical cord or the wiring all
right let's see if I can do it against
the surface
where it jumped out of the water and
stuff it started to burn the tip of it
but other than that you know the whole
rest of the cord looks in pretty dang
good shape
I've noticed that nice yellow cord let's
see huh the yellow cord let's see what
one has more of the arc coming off of it
let me set this down for just a second
guys here okay that I can get these
little two guys in here
I want to see whether the arcs coming
off of the green cord or the yellow cord
I wasn't paying attention it's kind of
muggy water all right you can see it
coming off of the green cord
okay another kind of touching so but
anyway there's a little bit of fun with
a microwave transformer with electric
with the connections come off the
secondary submerge into water so I'm
gonna do a better way to where I have
little tabs mounted in the water that I
can connect these electrical connections
to so I haven't even spacing and I want
to be able to make an adjustable one so
I can see what happens is the spacing
gets closer I've noticed kind of when
the spacing gets closer it causes that
plasma effect where you see the bright
yellow instead of the blue and so we'll
see I'll do a little bit more
experimenting and show you guys this
right here just so you know these are
some parts that came out of the
microwave this right here is a fan and I
can connect it directly to this power
cord right here and plug it in and it
works great it work really good as a
cooling fan to cool if I were to put a
heatsink on this transformer and blow
the falen I'd keep my transformer cooler
a little bit and then these are just
some electrical connections that are in
there and then I found take it apart
just some cool little pieces this little
motor that the glass tray sits on plug
that you can plug that in with 120 volts
as well the light bulbs teeny little
board right here and then I also have a
capacitor all right here pretty good
sized Kovak capacitor
it's 2100 volts AC I can get the light
shining on it right
this camera is so poor at reading at
reading at being able to see letters and
stuff on things golly I need to get a
better camera anyway it's a pretty good
sized capacitor it's AC I don't know if
I'll put AC as well I would imagine so
since it says AC but you can always
rectify it so I'm just going to buy some
high voltage rectifiers so that I can
change high-voltage AC current that
comes through out of capacitors and
stuff to DC but alright I hope you guys
liked it
as always leave comments let me know
what you think
have a good day keep experimenting
yourself and get involved more people
that work on it better we are and the
faster that that this problem is gonna
get solved with being able to run a car
on water and also running well I guess I
should say run a car on fracturing water
into hydrogen and oxygen gases and then
also running other things off of those
gases like creating electricity and
different things like that so alright
have a good one guys take care bye